Prepare 2.6 release (#395)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.6.0 (Unreleased)

FEATURES:
* `datadog_dashboard`: Add Datadog dashboard SLO widget support ([#355](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/issues/355)) Thanks [@mbarrien](https://github.com/mbarrien)

IMPROVEMENTS:
* `datadog_logs_custom_pipeline`: Support all processors in Logs pipeline ([#357](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/pull/357)) Thanks [@tt810](https://github.com/tt810)

BUGFIXES:
* `datadog_service_level_objective`: Fix slo threshold warning value modified when storing the state ([#352](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/pull/352))

> * `datadog_service_level_objective`: Feature removed from SLO as it is not yet supported ([#358](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/issues/358)) Thanks [@unclebconnor](https://github.com/unclebconnor)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `datadog_service_level_objective`: `monitor_search` schema removed from SLO resource as it is not yet supported ([#358](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/issues/358)) Thanks [@unclebconnor](https://github.com/unclebconnor)
```

> * `datadog_monitor`: Always "no_data_timeframe = 0 -> 10" plan is displayed ([#384](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/issues/384)) Thanks [@abicky](https://github.com/abicky)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `datadog_monitor`: Resolve non empty diff: "no_data_timeframe = 0 -> 10" on plan diff ([#384](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-datadog/issues/384)) Thanks [@abicky](https://github.com/abicky)
```
